# Go API Server for openapi

Hello World service with support for multiple languages.

## Overview
This server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.
By using the [OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote server, you can easily generate a server stub.  

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README](https://openapi-generator.tech)

- API version: 1
- Build date: 2021-03-15T11:03:59.253350-04:00[America/New_York]

The purpose of this exercise is to include sample code for consuming and producing to kafka topics.
Sample producer can be found in the api_langauges.go class
Sample consumer can be found in main.go / kafka.go classes.
helloworld.yml manifest file has a new section for connecting to MSX Kafka.


### Running the server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
go run main.go
```

To run the server in a docker container
```
docker build --network=host -t openapi .
```

Once image is built use
```
docker run --rm -it openapi 
```

To build the component for msx, run
```
make package NAME=helloworldservice VERSION=1.0.0
```

Topics available in MSX that you might find useful:
- AUDITING_GENERIC_TOPIC
  - Receive messages about any changes to a tenant in msx, such as subscription of a service, option added.
- NOTIFICATION_TOPIC
  - Messages include general notification messages; the kind that you would see in the notification panel in ui 
- COMPLIANCE_EVENT_TOPIC
  - Messages are about the changes/status to compliance of MD devices

There are many more topics available.

To test the example, bring up kube-master console and tail the helloworldservice log. Triger Kafka message by adding a tenant; the log should show message sent to AUDITING_GENERIC_TOPIC